Improve SEO metadata across all docs pages (#397)
powersync-ja/powersync-docs: client-sdks/reference/kotlin.mdx

---
title: "Kotlin SDK"

> description: "Complete setup and usage guide for the PowerSync Kotlin Multiplatform SDK, covering installation, schema definition, and sync configuration."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Setup and usage guide for the PowerSync Kotlin SDK, covering installation, schema definition, database connection and sync setup."
```
